feat(jellyfish-api-core, jellyfish-transaction): added TransferDomain (#2092)
DeFiCh/jellyfish: docs/node/CATEGORIES/08-account.md

}
```

## transferDomain

> Create an transfer balance transaction submitted to a connected node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a transfer domain transaction submitted to a connected node.
```
